content/about/main/index.md, before:

---
## Configure page content in wide column
title: "What am I currently working on?" # leave blank to exclude
number_featured: 1 # pulling from mainSections in config.toml
use_featured: false # if false, use most recent by date
number_categories: 3 # set to zero to exclude
show_intro: true
intro: |
 Some of my previous projects involved collecting judgement from speakers on the typologically rare backward and copy-control structures in Assamese. I have also been involved in analyzing language usage in Daru, Papua New Guinea, with Dr Kate Lynn Lindsey. More  works include identifying  vowel space variation of Assamese speakers by looking at socioeconomic factors. <br> I am also currently trying to create a phonological description of  Koch Rajbongshi, an under-represented language spoken in northeast India. For this, I am collecting audio recordings from native Koch Rajbongshi speakers in Assam, India. If you are a native speaker, or know somebody who is, please send me an email! 
show_outro: true
outro: |
---

** index doesn't contain a body, just front matter above.
See about/list.html in the layouts folder **

Commit message:

made changes to about, projects, and cv sections

content/about/main/index.md, after:

---
## Configure page content in wide column
title: "What am I currently working on?" # leave blank to exclude
number_featured: 1 # pulling from mainSections in config.toml
use_featured: false # if false, use most recent by date
number_categories: 3 # set to zero to exclude
show_intro: true
intro: |
 I am currently working on collecting data for my NSF DDRIG-funded dissertation where I study phonetic accommodation and drift of Indian English bilinguals. You can read about the grant [here] (https://www.nsf.gov/funding/opportunities/ling-ddri-linguistics-program-doctoral-dissertation-research). <br> I am presenting my work at the [188th Meeting of the Acoustical Society of America] (https://eppro01.ativ.me/src/EventPilot/php/express/web/planner.php?id=ASAICA25) in New Orleans and the [15th International Symposium of Bilingualism] (https://www.bcbl.eu/events/isb15/en/conference-poster-schedule/su-234/) in Spain this year. Some of my previous projects involved collecting judgement from speakers on the typologically rare backward- and copy-control structures in Assamese. I have also worked on analyzing language usage in Daru, Papua New Guinea, with Dr Kate Lynn Lindsey. More  works include identifying vowel space variation of Assamese speakers by looking at socioeconomic factors. <br> I am also currently trying to create a phonological description of  Koch Rajbongshi, an under-represented language spoken in northeast India. For this, I am collecting audio recordings from native Koch Rajbongshi speakers in Assam, India. If you are a native speaker, or know somebody who is, please send me an email! 
show_outro: true
outro: |
---

** index doesn't contain a body, just front matter above.
See about/list.html in the layouts folder **
